Add why we disable THP (#467)
pingcap/blog: how-thp-slows-down-your-database-performance-and-what-to-do-about-it.md

---
title: How THP Slows Down Your Database Performance and What to Do about It
author: ['Wenbo Zhang']
date: 2020-12-10
summary: This post dives deep into how transparent huge pages (THP) slow down the system and explains why you should disable THP to improve your database performance.
tags: ['Performance tuning', 'Linux']
categories: ['Engineering']
image: /images/blog/how-thp-slows-down-your-database-performance-banner.jpg
---

> ![Why We Disable THP](media/how-thp-slows-down-your-database-performance-banner.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Disabling THP to improve database performance](media/how-thp-slows-down-your-database-performance-banner.jpg)
```

Reviewer: "improve database performance" may be an SEO keyword, so I suggest adding it here.
